[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: She's
a mystic healer.
Her name is Sonja
Grace, and she is
our guest on "Beyond Belief."
>>She is a mystic and healer who
provides long-distance relief
anywhere in the world.
For the past 30
years, Sonja Grace
has used her ability to
communicate with the divine
to help family members to
speak to loved ones who
have crossed over.
She has cleared karmic threads
to past lives and much more.
In her forthcoming
book "Spirit Traveler,"
Sonja takes readers
along on her journeys
to ancient sites like
Stonehenge and the Pyramids.
She shares the sights, sounds,
and smells of the places
she visits, unlocking ancient
mysteries that continue
to bedevil researchers.
Today on "Beyond Belief."
>>NOORY: And I've got my
copy of "Spirit Traveler."
Hello.
Did you sign it over to me yet?
>>SONJA GRACE: No, not yet.
>>NOORY: You're going
to have to do that.
Hi.
>>GRACE: Hi.
Thanks for having me on.
>>NOORY: My pleasure.
>>GRACE: Thank you.
>>NOORY: What's new with you?
>>GRACE: Well "Spirit
Traveler" is coming out,
and I'm excited about this
book, because it really takes
a look at what happened back
in history when most people are
speculating and archaeologists
have scratched their heads
and said, hmm.
Why was this built?
>>NOORY: Was it a
different time then
where people seemed to
be much more involved
in mystical things and
metaphysical things?
>>GRACE: You know
what it was, George?
People were closer to the Earth.
The people back then
in 8,000, 10,000 BC,
they were connected
to the Earth in ways
that we see indigenous
people today
still practicing ceremonies
and having that connection.
But I mean, the energy of the
Earth back then was so strong.
It was not muddled by pollution
and all the technology
we have now.
>>NOORY: It's interesting.
I've always used
some-- interesting
that we work with Gaia here,
the Gaia television network.
But the Gaia theory that
the planet is alive,
that it's a living organism
all by itself I think
is beginning to hold more
and more water, don't you?
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
These places that I
visited in my book,
they have sites that are portals
that literally opened up,
and energy coming from
the cosmos, energy
coming from the Earth.
And the people knew that.
They understood it.
They knew that
our whole survival
was based on connecting with
that energy of the planet.
>>NOORY: I've got to tell you,
I love stories about portals.
I'm nuts about them.
Do people sometimes
stumble into portals
and they don't come out?
>>GRACE: Yes.
They do.
>>NOORY: And
they're gone, right?
>>GRACE: Yes.
And they're gone.
And this is what took place.
I mean, this is what was so
incredible about huge groups
of people just disappearing.
Where did they go?
Was it some kind of
a weather anomaly?
Was it starvation?
They disappeared.
Gone.
>>NOORY: I've had David
Paulides on my radio show.
He's written a book.
It's called "Missing
411" about people
all around this planet
who just simply vanished.
They disappear.
And he was telling us
a story about a couple.
They were out with their little
child in, like, a little woods,
walking along a path.
Very simple.
Little kid was
right behind them.
Right behind them.
He may have veered off
just by a few feet.
They turn around and he's gone.
They can't find him.
They still can't find him.
It's got to be one of the
most horrible feelings.
But when you go into
these other portals,
what do you come out to?
What's there?
>>GRACE: Well, back when
these portals opened-- and I'm
talking at the end of
the Ice Age, 10,000 BC,
these huge portals opened
all over the world,
and it was the beginning
of a new phase of humanity.
So as these portals
opened up, it
was like a giant signal,
kind of like Batman
and the light in the
sky with a bat on it.
It was like a signal
to the cosmos.
We're starting a new
phase of humanity.
And that's when
all the star beings
or what I call
demigods came through,
and they helped create and mold
societies all over the world.
>>NOORY: You're a mystic healer.
Tell us what that means.
>>GRACE: Well, I'm a mystic.
I'm connected to hearing,
seeing, smelling, feeling,
being completely hardwired
to everything that's unseen.
And I'm a healer,
and I work very much
primarily long distance with
people all over the world.
I'm able to put myself in front
of them wherever they are.
And so I say it's
defying time and space.
I'm like a time traveler too.
But when I work on people, I
put myself in front of them.
I don't have the same
relationship to time and space
that most people do.
>>NOORY: What do
people want from you
when they ask you things,
when they call you,
when they need help?
What do they want?
>>GRACE: A lot of people want to
have solutions to the problems
that they're dealing with.
And I do a lot of processing
and inner child work
to help people get at the
core wounds, everything that's
been bottled up for years
that they haven't really
come to terms with.
Some people want
healing, and I'll
go in and work on
livers and hearts
and repair tissue
and work on cancers.
>>NOORY: And you don't have
to physically touch them.
>>GRACE: No, I don't.
There was a woman in Puerto Rico
who had a lesion on her liver,
and I worked on her.
And basically, did all of
my energy work on that.
And the next three days
later, she had a test done,
and the lesion was gone.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>GRACE: People with heart
disease, they've gone back,
there's no heart disease.
>>NOORY: It doesn't surprise
you anymore, does it?
>>GRACE: It doesn't.
And I've been doing
it for so long now,
and I feel like a
doctor sometimes,
because people call me for
everything under the sun.
I've worked on everything.
>>NOORY: Wow.
Now John of God
in Brazil actually
has to touch people, right?
>>GRACE: Right.
>>NOORY: Or he will literally
reach into part of your stomach
and he'll pull
that tumor, right?
Without an incision.
How does he do that?
>>GRACE: You know, I have a
lot of respect for John of God.
And a lot of people
who go to John of God
come to me as well,
because they weren't
able to go back to Brazil
and have a follow-up.
>>NOORY: Right.
It's not that easy to do that.
>>GRACE: No, no.
But for me, I prefer
to work long distance,
because I feel like I have
a better sort of buffer
between me and the client.
I have a better ability to
almost keep a protection
around me, because
there's a lot of things
that people come in with.
And I do clear entities and
aliens and alien probes,
and all that.
And it's intense.
My work is very intense.
And I feel blessed
to have this ability,
but I don't wish it on anyone.
>>NOORY: Keep away from
these alien probes.
[LAUGHTER]
>>GRACE: Definitely.
>>NOORY: In the book
the "Spirit Traveler,"
who's the spirit traveler?
Is it you--
>>GRACE: Me.
It's me.
>>NOORY: It's you.
Tell me about the book.
>>GRACE: Well, I'm able, like
I said, to go into meditation.
And it's not astral projection.
It's like my whole
being dissolves.
It's like I dissolve.
I'm not there anymore.
And my guides take me.
I never travel
anywhere without them.
And they take me to the site.
When we get there, a lot of
times we're back in time.
So the first time my spirit
traveled to Stonehenge, there
were no stones.
It was just this bare
landscape of Salisbury Plain.
And they showed
me the progression
of how stones and branches and
different ornaments, and then
the wooden henge, and then
the large sarsen stones
were placed over time.
It was really great to see
that kind of progression.
>>NOORY: Well, let's take
a look at one of the places
you have visited.
>>GRACE: OK.
>>Stonehenge is the most
important prehistoric monument
in Europe, perhaps
the whole world.
Its impressive design and
meticulous construction
are unmatched anywhere.
Located in southwest
England, its stone circles
were made from 160
enormous megaliths, some
weighing over 50
tons, and measuring
over six meters in height.
The sheer magnitude of
a structure so ancient
defies belief.
>>NOORY: Well, it
does defy belief.
How in the heck
could ancient people,
without high technology--
we don't think
they had it-- and equipment
move stone like that?
>>GRACE: What I
found when I spirit
traveled there was
these beings came to me.
They called themselves
the ancient ones,
but they were Pleiadians.
And they were part
of the star beings
that came through these portals.
We have all kinds of demigods.
We have Ra and
Sekhmet and Hathor,
and we have all of the
Greek gods, the Hindu gods,
the Norse gods, Thor and Odin.
The Pleiadians were
a part of that.
They came through and helped
to create this new phase
of humanity in the UK.
And there's over 1,000
stone circles in that area.
>>NOORY: What do we do?
>>GRACE: Well, they're portals.
Here we are, back to portals.
They're marked because
they're energy portals.
And the thing
about these portals
is some of them receive
cosmic energy, some of them
release energy from the Earth,
and some of them are both.
>>NOORY: If you would
stand in the middle,
would you feel something?
Some kind of
vibration or anything?
>>GRACE: It depends
if it's still open.
We traveled
physically to England,
and went to all these
different stone circles,
and found that some of them
are still very activated,
and some of them, the
energy's kind of been robbed,
and they're closed
down a little bit.
So at Stonehenge, I definitely
felt a lot of things there.
It was very powerful.
But Stonehenge originally was
created for fertility rites.
It was about these
ancient ones procreating
with the high
priestesses and creating
a new race of humanity.
It wasn't about
death rituals, which
is what a lot of
archaeologists and scientists
surmised because of
the burial mounds.
>>NOORY: You don't need 160
huge stones for that, do you?
[LAUGH]
>>GRACE: No.
But because of the burial
mounds so close to the site,
they assumed it was for
some kind of death ritual.
For fertility, I think you
needed this huge structure,
not because it was
standing when they
did the fertility ceremonies.
They placed those stones
to remind the people,
this is our last
statement to humanity.
This is so you will remember
us and always remember
the ceremonies
that we taught you.
>>NOORY: Yet we've
lost that knowledge.
>>GRACE: We have--
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>GRACE: --which
is why they started
burying people near the site,
because they were scrambling.
Once they stopped
coming and visiting them
during the solstice
and the equinox,
then the people started
to get frantic and panic,
and they started burying
their high priestesses
and their elite
next to the site,
hoping that they
would reach the gods.
>>NOORY: So what's
amazing about all of this
is the fact that it happened,
and it happened a long time
ago.
They had a reason for why
they did these things.
And they all seemed to have
lost the knowledge of why they
were there in the first place.
>>GRACE: Right.
>>NOORY: All of them.
>>NOORY: The Pyramids,
Stonehenge, all of them.
Gone.
>>GRACE: And what was
remaining after, you know,
war and pillaging, and
all this stuff went on
is what the Druids picked up.
And the Druids then started
reenacting the old ceremonies
of the ancient ones.
And the Druids tried to
carry on the practice,
but it went from the goddess,
the feminine principle,
the high priestess to then
more of a male-oriented--
>>NOORY: I always thought the
Druids were somewhat evil.
Not so?
>>GRACE: No, I don't think
they were evil at all.
And I think Merlin
had a lot to do
with the evolution
of the Druids.
>>NOORY: Was there
really a Merlin?
>>GRACE: Yes, there was.
But it was much earlier
in time than what
we have perceived
through, again, history,
and how history
said, oh, it must
have happened during this time.
>>NOORY: What's the cove?
Oh, before you answer
that, let's look.
>>GRACE: OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>There are in excess of
900 known stone circles
throughout the length and
breadth of the country,
and they vary enormously
in completeness and size.
But set in the rolling chalk
downs of north Wiltshire
and with a diameter
of around 1,400 feet,
Avebury stands alone as
the largest Neolithic stone
circle in Europe.
>>NOORY: OK, Sonja.
They didn't have cable.
They didn't have television.
They didn't have smartphones.
They didn't have the internet.
They had to do something
to keep occupied.
So did they just
build these structures
just because they
had nothing to do?
Or is there a reason for that?
>>GRACE: No, I feel that
Avebury circle, for example,
was a hospital.
It was a place
where everybody went
to get doctored and healed.
And because they were
so tuned in to the Earth
and they were so tuned
into the cosmos-- thus,
none of the phones
and everything else--
they were able to
be transported.
We talked earlier about
people just disappearing.
That's what happened in Avebury.
They would stand in
one of three circles
within that large--
the large circle,
and they would go
to various places.
It was aligned with Orion, the
same as the Great Pyramids.
And they would go to one
of these three places,
depending on what
the illness was.
In the fourth circle
within the large circle,
a high priestess would stand and
designate what your illness was
and where you needed to go.
So they were told, OK.
Go stand over there,
and you will get healed.
There were pits, these
healing pits in those circles.
So it looked much different
than it does today.
And the stones that mark the
whole outer circle simply
defines how big that portal was.
>>NOORY: How many
people were there?
How many sick people
went to these places?
>>GRACE: Well, I'm
sure there were enough.
I mean, people--
>>NOORY: Did they have the same
illnesses that we have today?
>>GRACE: No, I think they
had different illnesses.
And certainly, we know through
history that at least starting
in probably 500
AD, we had a series
of plagues and black plague
and all of these illnesses
that wiped out entire
groups of people.
I'm sure back in
those times, there
were illnesses that were
very life-threatening.
>>NOORY: Who
concocted these things
and came up with these plans
to heal people this way?
>>GRACE: These were
the star beings.
These were the ancient
ones, the Pleiadians.
>>NOORY: The ETs that
came here and taught them.
>>GRACE: Yes.
Yes.
And they did this
all over the world.
This is what happened
at the Great Pyramids,
this is what
happened to Tiwanaku,
happened down south,
Chichen Itza, all
these different sites.
>>NOORY: So these sites,
if I'm reading you right,
collect and draw energy from
the universe, from the planet,
and you direct it to heal
and to do other things.
Is that what happens?
>>GRACE: These sites
are open portals that
receive and transmit energy.
And from that
reception of energies,
people were able
to utilize and were
directed by the Pleiadians,
or whoever was there,
to know what to do with
that particular site.
At Stonehenge and Avebury
circle, it was the Pleiadians.
You know, different groups
influenced different parts
of the world.
>>NOORY: Highclere Castle.
Where is that?
>>GRACE: That's in England.
That's right outside of London.
>>NOORY: All right.
Let's take you there right now.
>>GRACE: OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>70 miles west
of London lies one
of the great estates of England,
Highclere, a country house
nestling in 5,000 acres.
That's five times the size
of New York's Central Park.
Highclere is the
location backdrop
for the successful television
period drama "Downton Abbey,"
And walking through its
doors is like walking
onto the television set.
In reality, this is a 19th
century trophy house, designed
to show off inherited wealth.
>>NOORY: Well, he's not kidding
about inherited wealth, is he?
Wow.
It's gorgeous.
>>GRACE: It's an amazing place.
When I spirit
traveled there, there
was just a barrage of ghosts.
>>NOORY: You could
feel them, see them--
>>GRACE: Oh, I could see
them, totally see them.
Old maids and stewards and
people who had worked there.
>>NOORY: Are they
all happy ghosts?
>>GRACE: You know, I
wouldn't say they're happy.
I think some were a
little disgruntled.
But I think most
ghosts remain here
because they feel they
didn't finish something.
They didn't complete
something they needed to do.
So they're all
there busy working,
and you know, it's busy.
It's a very busy house.
>>NOORY: Is it a haunted place?
>>GRACE: I think
it's totally haunted.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>GRACE: But the main
people who are there
is George and Almina, the
owners, the original owners.
George and Almina
Herbert were-- he was
the fifth Earl of Carnarvon.
And he is the one who
worked with Howard Carter
and went to Egypt and
discovered King Tut's tomb.
>>NOORY: Well, wasn't
there a curse when
they opened up King Tut's tomb?
>>GRACE: And he was the
one who died from this.
Now of course, they say
today it was a mosquito bite
and he died from--
>>NOORY: Zika
virus or something.
>>GRACE: No, malaria.
But what I found when
I spirit traveled there
and then I went there
physically and visited the site,
is these people are held there.
They're not able to go.
>>NOORY: Do they want to go?
>>GRACE: You know, I think
they would if they could.
>>NOORY: They want to move on.
>>GRACE: But down in
the basement of this
huge castle is all these
artifacts, Egyptian artifacts.
>>NOORY: That place
has a basement?
>>GRACE: It has a huge,
huge underground space.
>>NOORY: It's got a leak.
>>GRACE: Huge.
And they went to Egypt before
he went with Howard Carter,
and they basically
took things-- we
use the word robbed--
but they took things
from the valley of the dead.
So when I was standing in
the basement, Hatshepsut --
you know who she is.
She was the pharaoh,
the female pharaoh.
>>NOORY: They took
stuff from her?
>>GRACE: They took the papyrus
from the "Book of the Dead."
And she stood there right
in front of me and said,
I want my stuff back.
And I'm like--
>>NOORY: That's where part
of the curse has come in.
You're not supposed to
desecrate those areas.
>>GRACE: Right.
So this is what happened.
These people are being held
because they have these things
that don't belong to them.
>>NOORY: As a spirit traveler,
can you get into trouble.
Can you get stuck
in an area that you
shouldn't be traveling?
>>GRACE: I can.
And I'm very careful to never
go anywhere without my guides.
My guides are the ones that take
me and move me through time.
>>NOORY: You trust
them, obviously.
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
And you could call it time
travel because I do end up
in a different time period.
But I don't go
anywhere without them.
They navigate where I'm going
and how I'm getting there.
There's something
that I work with
and that I talked about in my
book, "Become an Earth Angel."
>>NOORY: That's
this one right here.
>>GRACE: That's the fifth
dimension that we're in now.
We're in the fifth dimension.
We moved out of the fourth
dimension into the fifth.
And then there's energy
called the realms.
And those are two
different things.
Our whole galaxy is in
the fifth dimension.
So it's this higher
frequency, higher vibration,
but the realms are different
energies that we can exist in.
Most of Earth and people
are in the second realm.
Some people have moved
into the third realm.
They're a little calmer.
They like to communicate more.
>>NOORY: Where would
we be right about now?
>>GRACE: In the third realm.
>>NOORY: Third.
>>GRACE: Yeah.
And High, really evolved beings
move into the fourth realm.
Fifth realm, sixth
realm, seventh realm,
that's where you're going
to find a lot of ETs.
That's where a lot of the
extraterrestrials exist.
>>NOORY: Are they
your spirit guides.
>>GRACE: No.
>>NOORY: These ETs?
No, my spirit guides are angels.
>>NOORY: Ah.
>>GRACE: Yeah.
And I work--
>>NOORY: How many do you have?
>>GRACE: I work
only with angels.
There's about five of them.
>>NOORY: Five spirit guides.
All at the same time?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
And I've seen them since
I was-- my earliest
memory was two years old.
>>NOORY: Do they all
have separate duties?
>>GRACE: They've been with
me through all my lifetimes.
>>NOORY: But do they have
different responsibilities?
>>GRACE: Yes, they do.
>>NOORY: I mean, like
one takes care of you
from getting into an accident.
One takes care of you
from health purposes.
Are they like that?
>>GRACE: They work
more as a group.
They work more
together on things.
There are certain ones that will
help me with certain things.
But for the most part,
we travel as a group,
and they make sure all
of my traveling is safe.
>>NOORY: Tell me a little bit
about Skellig Michael Island.
And I want to look at a video.
What is that place?
>>GRACE: It's an island off
the west coast of Ireland,
and it's a place where
monks used to live back
in the 500 AD time period.
>>NOORY: All right.
Let's he what's so special
about Skellig Michael Island.
>>Over 1,400 years ago,
a small group of men
were searching for a place
to practice their religion
in solitude and isolation.
It was barely 500 years
since the death of Christ,
and these remarkable men
ventured into the open ocean
off southwest
Ireland, determined
to build monastery on one of
the most extraordinary locations
on Earth.
The Skellig Islands
are two massive rocks
lying 12 kilometers out
into the Atlantic Ocean,
and 1,400 years ago, they sat
on the very edge of the known
world.
Beyond the two islands lay
the void of an open ocean,
seemingly without end.
For their citadel, the
monks chose the larger
of the two islands,
Skellig Michael,
and began building
a retreat that
remains to this day one of
the most remarkable testaments
to human faith on Earth.
>>NOORY: God, I'm
amazed at how they're
able to take what could be
something like a barren island
and turn it into, like
they said, a retreat.
>>GRACE: You know,
the construction
of those sites there are crazy.
It's crazy.
The monks built
these beehive huts
that look like little beehives.
No mortar, only stone.
And all of the stairways
that come up from the ocean
are with no mortar.
They're just stones placed
exactly so that-- and years,
obviously--
>>NOORY: And built from stones
on the island I guess, right?
What did they do
about eating and food?
>>GRACE: They grew food.
They ate the eggs of
the birds on the island.
You know, it was minimal.
It was sparse.
But the thing about that
island that's so amazing
is it's got this electromagnetic
energy that is phenomenal.
>>NOORY: I'd go out
of my mind there.
[LAUGH]
Would you?
>>GRACE: I would
love to go there.
It's really--
>>NOORY: Yeah, but for
the rest of your life?
>>GRACE: No.
No.
It's the top of a mountain.
And during the time of
Lemuria, that mountain
was a sacred mountain.
That whole land--
there was no ocean
between Ireland and Skellig.
It was all land.
And the land connected
all the way to Greenland.
So it was a much
different landscape
at the end of Lemuria.
And then when the
oceans came, of course,
500 AD, the monks
that settled there,
they were raided by
Vikings constantly.
They had a hard time surviving.
But it was the mythical
group, the Tuatha de Danann
that were there on the
island before the monks.
And they're the ones, when
I spirit traveled there,
that told me about the
energy of that island
and how powerful
it really is, which
is why the monks
wanted to be there.
>>NOORY: How many people
are like you that carry
on these kinds of traditions?
[LAUGH]
>>GRACE: I don't know
people like me, George.
>>NOORY: You may
be one of a kind.
>>GRACE: Yeah, I think so.
I really, really believe that
the information I'm getting
is direct from source, and I
don't go to outside sources
to get my information.
Of course, unless I'm
researching Skellig Michael,
and I'm going to tell you,
like I do in the book,
about the history,
what we know so far.
But then I'm going to go
into my spirit traveling
and give you a different
look at history
so that you can see that there's
things that happened there
that weren't
explained in the books
that the monks kept because
they didn't want people to know.
Or maybe it was religion
that held them back
from really telling the
truth about the pagans
and what was happening
in their rituals.
But those monks on
Skellig were really
into what the Tuatha
de Danann knew,
and that's why they went there.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you
if they want to track your work?
>>GRACE: On my website, sonja--
S-O-N-J-A-- grace-- G-R-A-C-E--
.com.
>>NOORY: Tough me.
Heal me against
any future thing.
Perfect.
I'm good for a long
time now, right?
>>GRACE: You're good
for a long time.
>>NOORY: Thank you.
>>GRACE: Thanks, George.
>>NOORY: This has
been "Beyond Belief."
That's what we do.
We deal with topics that
are truly out of this world.
Thanks for watching the program.
[THEME MUSIC]